Add support for prompt=create (#3773)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js: lib/msal-node/docs/faq.md

- **Yarn**: Pass the `--ignore-engines` flag to the `yarn` command.
- **npm**: Add `engine-strict=false` to your .npmrc file.

### How do I implement self-service sign-up with MSAL Node?

> MSAL Node supports self-service sign-up in the auth code flow. Please see our docs [here](https://azuread.github.io/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/ref/modules/_azure_msal_node.html#authorizationurlrequest) for descriptions of prompt values in the request and their expected outcomes, and [here](http://aka.ms/s3u) for an overview of self-service sign-up and configuration changes that need to made to your Azure tenant. Please note that that self-service sign-up is not available in B2C and test environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MSAL Node supports self-service sign-up in the auth code flow. Please see our docs [here](https://azuread.github.io/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/ref/modules/_azure_msal_node.html#authorizationurlrequest) for supported prompt values in the request and their expected outcomes, and [here](http://aka.ms/s3u) for an overview of self-service sign-up and configuration changes that need to be made to your Azure tenant. Please note that that self-service sign-up is not available in B2C and test environments.
```
